CID-2910: Proxy support (#55)
leanix/leanix-github-agent: README.md

**Note**: The Docker image for the agent is currently unavailable. It will become available for download once a new version is released. Please check the [Releases](https://github.com/leanix/leanix-github-agent/releases) page for updates.

### Troubleshooting

> #### Using over a http proxy system
> 
> Add the following properties on the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using an HTTP Proxy System

Add the following properties to the command:
```

```console
docker run 
           ...
           -e JAVA_OPTS="-Dhttp.proxyHost=<HTTP_HOST> -Dhttp.proxyPort=<HTTP_PORT> -Dhttps.proxyHost=<HTTPS_HOST> -Dhttps.proxyPort=<HTTPS_PORT>" \
        ghcr.io/leanix/leanix-github-agent:dev
```

> > Note: Basic authentication is not currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Basic authentication is not currently supported.
```

> #### Using over SSL Intercepting proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using an SSL Intercepting Proxy
```

> Build your own docker image adding the certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build your own Docker image by adding the certificate:
```

```console
FROM ghcr.io/leanix/leanix-github-agent:dev

USER root

RUN apk update && apk add ca-certificates && rm -rf /var/cache/apk/*
COPY YOUR-CERTIFICATE-HERE /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/YOUR-CERTIFICATE-HERE
RUN update-ca-certificates 
RUN keytool -import -trustcacerts -keystore $JAVA_HOME/lib/security/cacerts  -storepass changeit -noprompt -alias YOUR-CERTIFICATE-HERE -file /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/YOUR-CERTIFICATE-HERE

```

> > Note: You should add an additional COPY and the final RUN for each certificate you need to insert into the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Add an additional COPY and the final RUN for each certificate you need to insert into the image.
```

> #### Using amd64 images on Apple M1
> 
> Just run the container by providing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using AMD64 Images on Apple M1

Run the container by providing the following command:
```
